\input texinfo
@comment $Id$
@comment %**start of header
@setfilename textile
@settitle textile
@syncodeindex pg cp
@comment %**end of header
@copying
This manual is for textile.el
which is an implementation of Textile and MT-Textile in Emacs Lisp.

@quotation
This manual is considered free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
License along with GNU Emacs; if not, write to the Free
Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston,
MA 02111-1307, USA.

Latest version should be available at:
   <URL:http://www.livingtorah.org/~csebold/emacs/textile/>
@end quotation

Copyright @copyright{} 2004 Charles Sebold @email{csebold@@livingtorah.org}
@end copying

@dircategory Emacs
@direntry
* textile: (textile)Textile, a humane web text generator for Emacs.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title Textile.el
@author Charles Sebold (@email{csebold@@livingtorah.org})
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Textile.el

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

This manual is not complete yet.

@menu
* Using textile.el::
* Textile Formatting::
* Index::
@end menu

@node Using textile.el
@chapter Using textile.el

@cindex using

This will describe how to use textile.el in Emacs.

@node Textile Formatting
@chapter Textile Formatting

@cindex formatting, markup

This will describe how to use Textile markup in your document.

@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye
